README.md, before:

# Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam

*Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam (Bhāgavata Purāṇa)* begins with the definition of the ultimate source. It is a bona fide commentary on the *Vedanta-sutra* by the same author, Srila Vyasadeva, and gradually it develops into nine cantos up to the highest state of God realization.

![Srimad Bhagavatam](sb2.jpg)

### Created with [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/mdBook)
Relish the transcedental nectar of Srimad Bhagavata Mahapurana through the words of a pure devotee, __His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada__ [here](https://srimad-bhagavatam.github.io/).

## Contributing
Hare Krishna. Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/srimad-bhagavatam/srimad-bhagavatam.github.io. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

To submit a pull request -

1. Fork/clone the repository.
2. Develop.
3. Create a new branch from the master branch.
4. Open a pull request on Github describing what was fixed or added.

Commit message:

README.md updated with SP description
Removed large image of Bhagavatam and added Srila Prabhupada description

README.md, after:

# Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam

*Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam (Bhāgavata Purāṇa)* begins with the definition of the ultimate source. It is a bona fide commentary on the *Vedanta-sutra* by the same author, Srila Vyasadeva, and gradually it develops into nine cantos up to the highest state of God realization.

## Srila Prabhupada
<img align="left" width="160" height="230" src="sriprabhupada.png">

At various times people have called him a scholar, a philosopher, a cultural ambassador, a prolific author, a religious leader, a spiritual teacher, a social critic, and a holy man. In truth, he was all these things and more.

Srila Prabhupada set out to America in 1965 and established the International Society for Krishna Consciousness at the age of sixty-nine. He travelled around the world fourteen times, established more than 100 temples of Krishna and initiated more than 10000 disciples into Krishna consciousness.

A brief biography of his divine presence in this material world can be found out [here](https://krishna.org/srila-prabhupada-a-brief-biography/).

### Created with [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/mdBook)
Relish the transcedental nectar of Srimad Bhagavata Mahapurana through the words of a pure devotee, __His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada__ [here](https://srimad-bhagavatam.github.io/).

## Contributing
Hare Krishna. Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/srimad-bhagavatam/srimad-bhagavatam.github.io. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

To submit a pull request -

1. Fork/clone the repository.
2. Develop.
3. Create a new branch from the master branch.
4. Open a pull request on Github describing what was fixed or added.
